Update the introductory note on the global Conventions attribute. (#69)
ugrid-conventions/ugrid-conventions: README.md

(a.k.a. unstructured mesh, flexible mesh)
model data in a Unidata Network Common Data Form (NetCDF) file.

> Note: It's recommended to give netCDF files adhering to the UGRID conventions the global attribute `Conventions = 'UGRID-1.0'`; if the file is also compliant with the Climate and Forecasting conventions then the global attribute can be extended to `Conventions = 'CF-1.6, UGRID-1.0'` with `1.6` replaced by the appropriate CF conventions version number. As of CF version 1.11 (draft), the CF-conventions include the UGRID 1.0 conventions by reference. In that case `Conventions = 'CF-1.11-draft'` or later CF-version attribute is sufficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: It's recommended to give netCDF files adhering to the UGRID conventions the global attribute `Conventions = 'UGRID-1.0'`; if the file is also compliant with the Climate and Forecasting conventions then the global attribute can be extended to `Conventions = 'CF-1.6, UGRID-1.0'` with `1.6` replaced by the appropriate CF conventions version number. As of CF version 1.11, the CF-conventions include the UGRID 1.0 conventions by reference. In that case `Conventions = 'CF-1.11'` or later CF-version attribute is sufficient.
```
